[TE-10628] сreate a doc on how external users can contribute to docs (#725)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/scos/user/intro-to-spryker/contributing-to-documentation/contributing-to-spryker-documentation.md

---
title: Contributing to Spryker documentation
description: Learn how you to contribute to the Spryker documentation
template: howto-guide-template
---

Our documentation is hosted on GitHub, in the [spryker-docs](https://github.com/spryker/spryker-docs) repository. Therefore, to contribute to Spryker documents, you have to use GitHub. For more information about what GitHub is, see [About Git](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/using-git/about-git).

> This instruction explains how to contribute to the [Spryker documentation](https://docs.spryker.com/) by creating pull requests on GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This instruction explains how to contribute to the [Spryker documentation](https://docs.spryker.com/) by creating [pull requests](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/about-pull-requests) on GitHub.
```

2. At the top right corner of the page, click **Edit on GitHub**. This opens your document on GitHub.
![opening-a-document](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/scos/user/intro-to-spryker/contributing-to-documentation/contributing-to-spryker-documentation/1-opening-a-document.png)
3. At the top right corner of the GitHub page, click the **Edit** icon. This launches the edit mode to make changes to the document.
![editing-the-document](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/scos/user/intro-to-spryker/contributing-to-documentation/contributing-to-spryker-documentation/2-editing-a-document.png)
4. On the **Edit file** tab, edit the document.
5. To complete your editing and propose changes, in the **Propose changes** section, fill in the following fields:
   * **Create *[document-name.md]***: Give a meaningful name to your commit.
   * **Add an optional extended description...** (optional): Provide an optional detailed description of your commit. For information about commits, see [About commits](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/committing-changes-to-your-project/creating-and-editing-commits/about-commits) in the official GitHub documentation.

> 6. Click **Propose changes**. This takes you to the **Comparing changes** page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Click **Propose changes**. 
   This takes you to the **Comparing changes** page.
```

![proposing-changes](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/scos/user/intro-to-spryker/contributing-to-documentation/contributing-to-spryker-documentation/3-saving-changes.png)
7. On the **Comparing changes** page, open a pull request by clicking **Create pull request**. For information about pull requests, see [About pull requests](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/about-pull-requests) in the official GitHub documentation.
![comparing-changes](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/scos/user/intro-to-spryker/contributing-to-documentation/contributing-to-spryker-documentation/4-creating-a-pull-request.png)
8. On the **Open a pull request** page, the **Title** field is autopopulated with the name you gave to your commit with proposed changes on step 5.

> 9. (Optional) To rename your pull request, delete the autopopulated title and enter a new one.

Reviewer: https://developers.google.com/style/procedures?hl=en#optional-steps

```suggestion
9. Optional: To rename your pull request, delete the autopopulated title and enter a new one.
```

> 10. (Optional) On the **Write** tab, in the **## PR Description** section, add an extended description of your pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Optional: On the **Write** tab, in the **## PR Description** section, add an extended description of your pull request.
```

10. Click **Create pull request**.
![creating-a-pull-request](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/scos/user/intro-to-spryker/contributing-to-documentation/contributing-to-spryker-documentation/5-naming-the-pr-and-saving-it.png)

> Congratulations! Your pull request has been created. Now, it can be picked up by the technical writing team for review and merge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Congratulations! Your pull request has been created. Now, it will be picked up by the Spryker docs team for review and merge.
```

---
title: Contributing to Spryker documentation
description: Learn how you to contribute to Spryker documentation
template: howto-guide-template
---

Our documentation is hosted on GitHub, in the [spryker-docs](https://github.com/spryker/spryker-docs) repository. Therefore, to contribute to Spryker documents, you have to use GitHub. For more information about what GitHub is, see [About Git](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/using-git/about-git).

This instruction explains how to contribute to the [Spryker documentation](https://docs.spryker.com/) by creating [pull requests](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/about-pull-requests) on GitHub.

{% info_block infoBox "Info" %}

> If you want to create an issue on GitHub, see [Creating an issue](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/creating-an-issue) in the official GitHub documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can report an issue with the Spryker documentation via GitHub. For details on how to do that, see [Creating an issue](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/creating-an-issue) in the official GitHub documentation.
```
